feat: Update NotificationToast provider with position and className props (#2577)
sumup-oss/circuit-ui: .changeset/clever-islands-hang.md

---

> "@sumup/circuit-ui": patch

Reviewer: Adding new, backward-compatible features qualifies as a minor change.
```suggestion
"@sumup/circuit-ui": minor
```

---

> feat: Update NotificationToast provider with position and className props

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added new `position` and `className` props to the ToastProvider component.
```
